So let's focus on adding the actual info about this particular developer, OK, so name and other text,
and I'm sure you were able to get that done because I know how dedicated and smart you are.
OK.
All right.
Let's go ahead and do that.
So after the fighter, as you see, there it is.
We are going to add another composable, which is a piece of UI real estate, as I like to call it.
Now let's think about this again.
All of this area here will have all of its items laid out vertically, which means also we may think
about a column.
OK, because a column, as we've seen earlier, will lay things out vertically.
Now we could get away with just adding them as they are right now.
But I like to create little entities, little factories.
They can exist by themselves.
So here I'm going to say column.
I such in the column.
And let's add a modifier and say modifier.
I want the padding overall pattern of about five dpi as such.
All right.
So now we're going to add to the text, right?
This text here that we see in the square and see how can we accomplish that?
Let's go just to code so we can see everything for now.
Well, simply when I say, text this OK, the first option and I'm going to pass something that's a
miles P. As such now, because like anything else that we've seen before, a composable allows us to
pass modifiers, allows us to pass other parameters so we can customize.
These composable, in this case, is a text.
OK, if you hover over, you can see there's all sort of parameters we can pass to modify and customize
our text.
That is indeed the beauty of compose is that we can take anything and start passing all of these parameters
so we can modify the composable.
Very neat.
So what do you want to do first?
Well, we want to pass in a style.
So when I say comma in say style as such and for the style, it cannot pass a textile type.
Or I can continue the trend by saying material theme and go and get typography.
And then I want each force.
So each one is the larger size you can pick and the higher the number, the less the size.
So in this case, I just want kind of a medium there for then still inside of our text there, and we're
passing these parameters so that we can customize our text.
I'm going to give it color scheme with a color.
I can pass a color object, but I'm going to use material again.
Theme one Colors and I'm going to say primary variance.
I can choose from all of this.
OK.
All right, there we go.
There's our text.
Now, if we go back to sleep mode so we can see, let's go ahead and refresh this real quick.
And you can see we have Myles P. looking really good.
Very good.
So now what else can we do here?
Well, I can do the same thing that we did with create image profile so we can refactor everything right
before we do that, let's continue because there are the things we need to add.
As you see here, we have this piece of text and more.
So next, I'm going to add another text.
This one will say whatever you want to say.
Android compose programmer.
There's added modifier for voice and I want padding all to be three that deep.
And that's fine.
And let's just get the same another one at the bottom, and this one is going to be something like at
least miles.
Of course, you can put whatever you want.
This is just an example.
And now for this one modifier, we are going to do the same thing as we did before, but we also are
going to add something else in our style.
Still inside of our text, their was style material, theme typography, and I'm going to use the subtitle
a subtitle to subtitle one one is fine.
All right, let's go ahead and update, build and refresh.
And voila!
And as you can see, it's looking really good, right?
We have our image, our profile image when we have our text.
So it's really getting to look like this.
Now, one thing we haven't done in a while is we haven't really looked to see how this will look on
a device in this case on emulators.
Go ahead and run real quick.
This whole app to see how it will look like.
And there you have it.
It's looking really good.
We have everything perfectly fine.
OK, so one more thing we need to do is to add this portfolio button.
But before we do that, let's go ahead and refactor this column here.
So I'm going to just click there and select everything.
Right click.
And let's go to refactor function in this name.
This create info such and you can see you now have another composable, which is just a little piece
that is not attached to the main card here.
All right.
So now just calling it a session.
So we're making real good progress, as I said.
Next thing we're going to do is to create this button here.
In fact, as a little exercise, it can do this.
How would you create a button like this?
Go ahead and try to figure out, and I'll see you in next video.